internal/integration/testdata/postgres: add tests for time precision … (#535)
ariga/atlas: internal/integration/testdata/postgres/column-time-precision.txt

# Apply schema "1.hcl" on fresh database.
apply 1.hcl

> # Compare the result of "SHOW TABLE users" with the content of a file named '1.sql'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Compare the result of "\d foo" with the content of a file named '1.sql'.
```

cmpshow foo 1.sql

# Files
-- 1.hcl --
schema "$db" {}

> table "foo" {

Reviewer: looks good, but "foo" is weird for a table name.
